* MTV
-[Tyson] What's the plan?
-[Dwight] We wait.
-My pops is nearly dead!
-Easy. Easy.
It was Bevilaqua. What the fuck?
You don't make a move
until we know
what we're up against.
All's I know is whoever tried
to kill you, it wasn't us.
What about Thresher?
-What about him?
-Did you see
any of his cronies
driving a white Prius?
Him? You think that...
I'm sorry, I'm just,
I'm caught in the middle here.
There's only one side, Armand.
What happened?
Explosive went off too early.
What happens when
Manfredi finds out about this?
'Cause he sure as shit will.
I could go to Dwight,
make a business arrangement.
But not with Chickie out front.
So let me move Chickie aside.
We got to go to the bosses.
We got to get this sanctioned.
Something you want to tell me?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I'm gonna find that white Prius.
And when I do, I'm gonna burn
your world
to the fucking ground.
Tough times don't last,
but tough people do.
-That's you and me.
-You have terrible taste in men.
-Forgive me.
-[Dwight] Tyson.
Whatever you're thinking
about doing,
don't fucking do it.
-[crashing]
-[horn blaring]
* intriguing music
***
Tyson...
...if this was the real mafia,
I have grounds to take you out
right now.
It's payback for my father.
Your father's still alive.
So is the other guy.
That's not the point.
You created a big problem
for everybody.
[Mitch] It's a miracle
you got away with it.
Ten ways you could have
gotten caught.
There are much better ways
to handle things like this.
You're supposed to plan,
to think ahead.
You don't just storm in
like some fucking cowboy,
where you can get wasted,
or worse, arrested.
How is arrested worse?
Because you jeopardize
everybody.
There's a hierarchy,
steps to follow.
You go to the boss first,
and he gives you the okay.
Even then,
you still gotta seriously plan,
for Chrissakes.
So...
[stammering]
So what we gonna do here?
I'm out?
Y'all getting rid of me?
-He doesn't get it.
-Nope.
[Dwight]
He still doesn't get it.
You don't get it, do you?
You're part of a family.
That means we're here
to protect you no matter what.
Even when you're wrong, Tyson.
But you can't put us
in fucking jeopardy.
You gotta try
to protect us, too.
So you gotta think.
Be responsible for your actions.
-Okay.
-[Dwight] Okay?
Go home, clean up.
Start over.
Bigfoot.
That white Prius is registered
to a company called
AGV Imports.
Here's the address.
Check it out,
give me a call, okay?
I'm on it.
He's a good kid.
He'll be all right.
Yeah, he'll be all right.
He's-- He's young.
We all here?
Where the fuck's Art?
-Parking his car.
-[door closes]
[Bevilaqua]
Did I not say nine o'clock?
At the hospital
checking on Vic.
-How's he doing?
-[Art] Jacked up on morphine,
but he's all right.
Took two fucking bullets.
Those little fuckers, man.
He see who did it?
-No.
-[Bevilaqua] All right,
we're gonna hit fucking Tulsa,
and we're gonna hit 'em hard.
-Do you understand me?
-Fuck yeah.
Yeah, we should have done it
last night.
The fuck you say?
Nothing. You know,
just for Vic's sake, I think...
-You questioning me?
-No.
You keep your mouth
fucking shut.
What's Manfredi's crew
look like?
It's fucking nothing.
It's him, it's the Black kid,
it's the consigliere.
-A bunch of fucking misfits.
-Any shooters?
I don't know and I don't give
a fuck; what does it matter?
Well, I'm just trying
to strategize. I want to know--
I don't give a fuck
what they got.
They're not us. Right? Right?!
-[all] Yeah. Right.
-[Bevilaqua] Right!
-Okay.
-Where are the cops in all this?
They don't know nothing,
and we're gonna
keep it that way.
[cell phone buzzing]
New York.
Chickie!
Why do I got
five missed calls from you?
Because it fucking happened.
-That's why, Chickie.
-What did?
He tried to clip one of
my fucking guys. Manfredi.
-Manfredi personally?
-I don't know.
Him or his fucking crew.
My guy Vic,
they shot him twice
in his fucking shoulder
in my fucking driveway.
My fucking house again, Chickie!
-Second time.
-He okay?
No, he's not okay.
He's fucking shot.
Are you sure it's Dwight
behind all this?
I don't know.
Was it you, Chick?
Of course not.
Well, then,
it was fucking Manfredi.
I'm done with this.
I'm done with this fucking guy,
you understand me?
I-I got him up to fucking here.
He's fucking gone!
Do you understand?
If it's the last fucking thing
I do, Chickie,
I'm getting rid of him.
You understand me?
[Chickie]
Fine by me.
[Bevilaqua]
I'm glad you fucking approve.
* percussive, upbeat music
***
[vehicle approaching]
I really appreciate you coming.
Well, I almost didn't,
but you sounded
really not good on the phone.
Jesus, you been drinking
already?
It's not even 9 a.m., Armand.
I'm jammed up, Clara, please.
Would you, please?
-Is it him?
-Partially.
I've gotten to know
this other guy.
He's rich, owns horses.
He was paying me
a lot of money
to get information on Dwight.
Now, it was all innocent
at first,
but now I'm not so sure.
What does that even mean?
There was an attempt
on Dwight's life,
and it's possible
this guy was involved.
And Dwight blames you?
Not yet, but...
Thinking of going to the FBI.
What, witness protection?
Yeah. It's not a bad option,
Clara.
They relocate you,
they help you get a job.
What about you and the kids?
What about us?
Well, would you come with me?
Are you-- Are you insane?
I am moving on
with my life, Armand.
So are the kids.
We're moving to Denver.
Denver? Why?
Because it's not Tulsa,
which you have made
a fucking nightmare for us.
Hey, you know,
I love the sympathy, Clara.
-Really, it's so beautiful.
-You know what?
You have no one to blame
but yourself.
Hey, fuck you! All right?
Fuck you!
I'll be fucking better off
without you anyway.
[engine starts]
Do not fucking call me.
Ever!
* haunting music
***
-[engine revs]
-[tires squeal]
-Grandpa.
Hey, guys. Hello.
Hello, hello.
-Oh, you're getting so strong.
-[Cody] Can we wrestle?
Oh, you want to wrestle now?
Maybe a little later.
I need to talk to your mommy.
-[Cody] 'Kay.
-Kids, go play upstairs, please.
[both]
Okay.
What is it now?
Everything is okay,
but Tyson had an-an accident.
What kind of accident?
-A shooting.
-Shooting?
He's okay, but...
I think it's very important
that you take the kids
and leave the city now.
It's the only safe thing to do.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't
think this would happen.
I just didn't know
it would be so soon.
I think you should
go back to New York.
* quiet music
And just like that,
after everything...
...we're back at the beginning.
I'm-I'm sorry, Tina.
[sighs]
You know, against all reason...
I thought you could change.
But you really can't, can you?
This time it's not my fault.
Who sets the stage
for bad things to happen?
[sighs]
Okay.
We'll leave.
But I want you to know that
if this family's
torn apart again,
it's not gonna be able
to get fixed.
You know that, right?
Don't you think that...
...over time,
we can work things out?
We're out of time.
You break my heart.
Because I know
that there's good inside of you.
Parts that I love.
But I can't live like this.
You know that.
[voice breaking] I just don't
want you to hate me.
I love you.
That's what makes this so hard.
* gentle, hopeful music
***
[exhales]
[monitor beeping]
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
-Y'all good?
-That's good. Thank you.
Where were you last night?
What you mean?
Tried calling after you left.
I was worried.
Just went home.
And cut my phone off. I didn't
even know you was awake.
I was in and out.
But I heard enough.
Anything you need to tell me?
Oh, no. It's all good.
-Is it?
-Yeah.
'Cause you were pretty upset.
I was just chatting,
blowing off steam.
Don't do anything foolish,
Tyson.
I was just gonna go.
I'll see you tomorrow.
-[chuckles]
-[Tyson] I love you.
* gentle, sad music
***
What's going on?
I can't face him right now.
I don't even want
to look at him.
Baby, you almost lost me.
Are we gonna lose our son?
I think we already have.
All right, what do you got?
[Bigfoot]
Yeah.
I'm here on Front Street.
There's no business here.
-It's an empty lot.
-[quietly] Fuck.
All right,
come back and pick me up.
Got you.
[Armand] When I tell you
to fucking do something,
I don't mean tomorrow,
you understand?
Why are you yelling at me?
-I'm doing what you asked.
-Really?
You think our clients want
to come here
and see their horses living
in filthy stalls?
-The stalls are clean.
-Clean?
There's fucking shit
all over the floor.
You giving me
an attitude now?
I'm not giving you an attitude.
I'm just trying to explain
-that I don't think...
-Fuck your explanations.
I don't want
to fucking hear it, okay?
Hear what? I didn't do anything!
No, none of you
do anything, right?
You're a bunch
of fucking saints.
You know what you can do,
little miss ass-kiss?
You can take that piece of shit
Dwight calls a horse
to the fucking glue factory.
-Okay.
-All right?
-Yeah? Yeah?
-You know what? I'm done here.
-Good.
Get out of my fucking sight!
Oh! Whoa!
What the hell is going on here?
He's crazy.
I'm trying to do
my job here, Margaret.
This kid is...
Are you drunk?
I had a drink, so?
Go home.
I'll get someone to--
I don't have a fucking home!
I have a shithole
one-room apartment!
[Margaret]
Armand...
I know you're struggling,
but this behavior is
not acceptable.
You're gonna lecture me
about what's acceptable?
Your boyfriend is
a fucking murderer
who ruined my life.
You're fired.
What?
Get your shit
and get out of here.
Get off my property before
I have you fucking thrown out!
[Armand scoffs]
You and Dwight, huh?
Match made in fucking heaven.
Think you can you handle
interim stable manager?
Of course. Yeah.
[exhales quietly]
All right, boys,
run to the car.
[Joanne]
He's gonna be upset
he didn't get to say
goodbye to you.
Yeah, well.
I've cried enough,
I don't think
I could handle any more.
Plus, you know,
it's better this way.
-What're you gonna do?
-I don't know.
Get a job.
You know, I'd go with you,
but I need to stay here
for your dad.
No, no, no. It's-it's good
that you're here for him.
He won't admit it, but...
he doesn't like to be alone.
Yeah. [laughs]
I know, I know.
-I love you.
-[Joanne] I love you, too.
* slow, tranquil music *
***
I'll call you
when we're settled in?
-[Joanne] Yeah.
-Okay.
All right.
Okay.
[vehicle door closes]
[Dwight]
All right, guys.
Come on, listen up.
Last night, an attempt was made
on one of Bevilaqua's men
in Kansas City.
-Whoa.
-Shit just got real.
Very real.
-Attempt by who?
-The less we know the better.
-[Dwight] Right.
-When you say "attempt..."
Well, the guy's still alive.
This have something
to do with Tyson?
I notice
he's conspicuously missing.
[Grace]
I noticed that, too.
[Fred] And what about Armand?
He isn't here, either.
Fred, I wouldn't worry
about Armand.
The main thing is we got
to close this place down
-and the casino fast.
-What, we just walk away?
[Bodhi] Yeah, we have
a shit ton of inventory,
that we need to store properly.
[Dwight]
I don't care.
Just got to do
whatever you got to do fast
and close this place down.
-Tonight.
-Then what?
Well, then we, uh,
lay low for a while
and figure out
what Kansas City is gonna do.
Is this like
going to the mattresses?
-It's...
-[Grace] Why do they call that,
-anyway?
-It means hunkering down,
getting ready for war.
From The Godfather, right?
[Bodhi]
Yes, but it was an expression
used in Italy before that,
by the Romans.
Did the Romans even
have mattresses?
Well, I don't think they just
slept on the floor.
-Wait. Did they?
-[Bodhi] I don't know.
The expression's probably used
by the Camorra in Naples.
Bodhi, enough of the fucking
history of mattresses, okay?
We're in a crisis.
All right, let's take off
and do what we got to do.
Let's go. Fucking Camorra.
Jesus.
Plus, they slept
on fucking straw.
[whirring nearby]
We're looking
to swap out the Tahoe.
Not to your liking?
Uh, there's a little bit
of damage.
Fender bender already?
Uh, not that kind
of damage, Donnie.
So, what'd you have in mind?
I just got in a Chevy Suburban.
Actually, you can have
whatever you want.
Every car on this lot
will be yours once we close
-that deal tomorrow.
-[Mitch] Speaking of which,
I just got that contract
in last night.
Excellent.
What about that Escalade?
[Mitch]
Ooh, a Caddy?
I like where your head's at.
Yeah, what about that?
-Let me run get you them keys.
-[Mitch] All right.
* mid-tempo, energetic music
***
-What's that?
-From Santo.
Down the Pipe Fitter's Union.
Good. Prick's been
ducking me for a week.
You got this?
Bevilaqua's making a move
on Dwight.
That a good thing?
-Or a bad thing?
-What do I care?
We're better off
if it's a stalemate.
How you figure that?
Right now, neither of them has
any real power.
Whoever wins, consolidate maybe,
double their territory.
Plus, there'll be no more
pitting one against the other.
[scoffs]
General MacArthur over here.
[chuckling]
Just figuring the odds,
that's all.
Do yourself a favor.
Stay in your own fucking lane
and leave the odds to Vegas.
[door closes]
* quiet, tense music
***
Think it might be time
for him to go.
I don't disagree.
But how's this gonna fly?
Internally?
Everybody knows he's a psycho.
-The rumors about Pete?
-I mean with the other families.
If we whack him?
Who said anything
about whacking him?
***
There's other ways
to be moved aside.
What'd you have in mind?
You'll know
when you need to know.
[Dwight]
I mean, Kansas City is
not that big,
but they've got the resources,
so we have to proceed
with caution.
Grace.
Are you sure
you want the in on this?
-I was about to say--
-Yes.
I'm the best shot in this group.
And that's that.
Might be time to call
some backup.
How about Ahanu and his guys?
-That's the Native guys, right?
-[Goodie] The Indians.
That could be a good idea.
Let me sleep on it.
I think it might be
a great idea.
Yeah.
We got us
a couple of Feds outside.
Let 'em in.
-You guys wait in the back.
-Yep.
* slow, somber music
***
Drive by for a cocktail, guys?
There was a shooting last night
up in Kansas City.
Vic Aliotta, Bevilaqua's capo.
Another tragedy, huh?
I got some more news for you,
and you're
only hearing it because,
under the law,
it's my job to share.
Our counterparts up in KC
have it on good authority
that Bill Bevilaqua is planning
to make an attempt on your life.
"Bill Bevilaqua."
Now, that's a mouthful.
[chuckles] Don't know the guy.
Know that's bullshit.
Yeah, you're entitled
to your opinion.
You've been warned.
Mmm. Appreciate it.
Good luck staying alive.
Thanks for caring.
[door opens]
Lock it up, Bigfoot.
-[door closes]
-Okay, guys.
-Hey, come on out.
-[Mitch whistles]
I just hear
what I think I heard?
You did.
So, what do we do now?
Nothing we can do.
We can't
make a move on Bevilaqua.
He got these two birds
watching us.
So, let's eat, drink
and be merry while we can.
Cheers.
Salute.
Yes, sir.
-[birds singing]
-[insects trilling]
Think of it more
as a proposition,
a new arrangement, if you will.
What's wrong with
the arrangement we have?
Nothing, I'm just sure
that when you hear
what I have in mind, you'll--
Oh, shit.
[Armand]
Mr. Thresher?
I'm so sorry to interrupt.
I have to speak to you.
What'd I tell you about
showing up here unannounced?
-I didn't know what else to do.
-Let's talk later.
-Yeah.
-Come meet me in the field when
you're done.
What is so important?
Dwight knows
I've been talking to you,
giving you information.
You told him?
I had no choice.
He's not fucking stupid.
So-- so what are you here for?
Do you want me
to protect you or something?
And I was hoping maybe
you could advance me some money.
Advance you?
You're useless to me now.
Well, I-I lost my job.
Maybe I could work for you,
some kind of
management situation.
Management? [laughs]
I wouldn't hire you
to sweep my floors.
Please, please. Can you just
let me borrow some cash,
just a little bit
to tide me over?
Just, like, five to ten grand.
That's nothing to you.
You're mighty generous
with my money.
I'm sorry, I didn't
mean anything by it.
Shut up.
Here's a hundred.
Go buy yourself a life.
Hello?
[Joanne]
Hey.
In here.
Where is everybody?
Well, she left.
I know she was leaving,
but I didn't think now.
-Well, didn't you discuss that?
-We did, but...
I wanted to say goodbye.
* quiet, emotional music
***
You know, Joanne, I...
I really didn't want her to go.
I know that.
***
There's nothing left upstairs?
I don't think so.
Who are you calling?
[cell phone buzzing]
[sighs]
Dwight, what's up?
Chickie.
My daughter and my grandkids
are coming back to New York.
Now.
-Okay.
Anything happens to them,
they get a threat,
they get a fucking phone call,
someone follows them
down the street,
I promise you,
I will kill you slow.
Relax.
Nobody's interested
in your family.
You better not.
Put Vince on the phone.
He ain't here.
Well, you tell him what I said.
Yeah.
* quiet, dramatic music
***
Where's Vince?
I got to go.
Okay.
Ugh.
[Bodhi]
How we doing, guys?
[Grace] That's pretty much
the last of it.
The rest is in the refrigerator.
Great.
You guys can head out.
Jimmy and I'll take care
of the rest.
Are you sure?
I'm happy to stay.
Yeah, we'll be okay.
I mean, I can make sure
that all this stuff
gets put in the refrigerator.
[Bodhi]
Yeah. You guys go home,
stay there. We will be in touch.
Call us if you need anything.
Will do.
[over phone]
Hey, it's Devin.
Dad said I need one of these
outgoing things, so...
talk when it beeps.
-[phone beeps]
-[Armand] Hey, Dev, it's Daddy.
Uh, just calling to see how
you and your brother are doing.
I know I haven't been
around a lot
lately, buddy.
I'm so sorry. I miss you both.
Listen, pal, I'm gonna talk
to you like a man now, okay?
You're 14.
So, I got to tell you something.
Well, your old man, he...
he really
stepped in it this time.
Well, if I'm being honest,
I've been stepping in shit
my whole life,
one way or the other.
But...
um...
you kids are the only thing
that ever made any sense to me.
Look, I gotta
do something, okay?
And then I'm gonna
go away for a while,
so you and your brother,
you may not be seeing
your dad for a long time.
Just know that
I love you both very much,
and this is not something
that I wanted to happen,
but...
you know, Dev, your past,
it'll become your future
if you don't deal with it.
You know?
You gotta deal with it.
You can't run from it
because it's always gonna be
right there behind you,
chasing you.
It's got your number.
You gotta...
you gotta run towards it.
You understand me?
Meet that motherfucker head-on.
Listen, Dev, do me a favor.
Could you
and your brother maybe,
I don't know, try and remember
the good times, too,
'cause there was a lot of them.
And I'm afraid
that when you think...
...when you think about me,
you're just gonna remember this.
Anyway, I love you guys.
That's it. Bye.
[crying]
[Ali Angel's
"Beck and Call" playing]
***
When the fuck did we
get a grenade launcher?
It was my aunt's.
She left it for me in her will.
It's the biker gang,
back of one of the trucks, man.
I was gonna say,
I thought my family
was dangerous.
What do you want to do
with all this cash?
Half a million of it
goes to Donnie Shore tomorrow.
Leave it there.
We'll get it in the morning.
* I don't want to hear
about your new shit *
* Why don't you go tell
someone else all about it? *
* Oh-oh, oh, oh, oh *
Excuse me, gentlemen.
If you're here to visit
and you want to leave
this car parked out
on the street,
you're gonna need
a temporary parking pass,
and that pass must be
displayed on the dashboard.
Oh.
Yeah, sorry about that.
We were
just in the neighborhood,
thought we'd drop in on
an old friend.
Really? That's funny, I've never
seen you around here before.
Who's your old friend?
Oh, just an old
high school buddy.
Oh, Mr. Manfredi.
Well, I don't think he's home.
Well, I appreciate that.
We'll just come back then.
Well, if you do,
make sure you ask
Mr. Manfredi
about that parking pass,
all right?
Will do.
Well, you tell
Mr. Manfredi I said hello.
When I first came
to this country at 13,
I had nothing.
Lived in a room
with eight other refugees.
Washed dishes at a restaurant
in Minneapolis.
They called the food "Chinese."
I didn't even recognize it.
Hmm.
Taught myself the language,
kept my ears open
and my mouth shut.
And I learned about Americans.
What'd you learn?
That they're lazy.
Spoiled.
Do you know why
we succeed so quickly?
Because we are willing
to be ruthless.
Because we have nothing to lose.
What does that
have to do with us?
I'm changing our agreement.
What, are you
leaving the business?
You are.
* ominous, dramatic music
***
The business will be
transferred to my name
for the sum of $1,000.
[laughs]
What is this, some kind of joke?
No.
No fucking joke.
How do you think you're
gonna get away with this?
[sniffles]
You could... disappear.
Oh, you got to be shitting me.
You have five seconds.
Give me the contract.
[clicks tongue]
Fuck off.
* "Monte Cristo"
by Connie Conway *
***
* From far away,
across the sea *
* A certain song
keeps haunting me *
* It brings me back once more
* To Monte Cristo...
I'm getting nowhere
with this reservation.
Nicky,
you still got your
connection over there?
Where, Rao's?
Yeah, I'll put a call in
to Joe Ciccone.
You're the best.
-Jimmy.
-Yo.
Chickie, how you doing?
What's this, an intervention?
Have a seat.
Fuck you say to me?
Relax, Chickie.
It's not what you think.
I don't know what I think,
but I don't like it.
Relax, Chickie. Take a seat.
This doesn't
have to be contentious.
-Take a seat.
-Oh, you heavy?
Fuck you think?
Take his gun.
Chickie, on my kids,
just as a precaution.
Now, you want to tell me
what the fuck is going on?
There's been conversations
with the heads
of the other families,
who give their full support.
We're making some changes.
There's no "we," Vince.
There's only me.
Yeah, well,
that's part of the problem.
-You're being moved aside.
-Really?
Obviously, this could've
gone a different way,
but we didn't want to do that.
You threatening me,
you disloyal--
You've run this family
into the fucking ground!
-Vince! Chickie! Relax!
-Motherfucker.
Take a seat!
The both of you, take a seat!
Sit. Sit, right?
Fuck.
We all had abiding respect
for your father.
But somehow you didn't
make it to his funeral.
Oh, well, I was whooping it up
at Sloan-Kettering, you know.
Maybe you remember.
[chuckles]
But the bigger point is,
the old guard,
from the Bronx to the Belt,
we built something together,
a dynasty to last generations.
But since Pete's passing--
"Passing."
Motherfucker!
You...
You whacked Jerry Izzo
for nothing.
Revenue is drying up.
The Albanians,
they're grabbing
with both hands.
And you send Dwight Manfredi
to Tulsa?
Yeah. Where he went rogue.
Well, what do you
expect him to do, huh?
The man's a legend.
You should've brought him
right back into the fold.
Instead, you insult him,
you banish him,
all because of your ego.
It wasn't my call.
Oh, so you're blaming
your father now?
It was a business decision
so he could open up
a new territory.
And how is that working out?
[Fat Jimmy]
You lost the locker room, pal.
That's the bottom line.
Youse all feel that way?
Huh?
Effective immediately,
this family's under
new leadership.
You got Marine One
waiting outside for me?
Take some time.
Get the drinking under control.
Couple of months,
we'll see what's what.
[sniffs]
[spits]
* tense, dark music
***
All set?
Yeah.
-Hey, can I ask you a question?
-[locks door]
Sure, fire away.
What do you make of all this?
Kansas City, us shutting down?
Well, my great-grandfather
once told me a story
about the Cree Nation.
How a powerful, prideful people
were shoved
to a corner of the Earth
that was barely livable.
-Ah.
-Others in the tribe,
they called it theft.
Some called it rape, even.
My grandfather
called it what it was.
Inevitable.
Yeah, you lost me.
This was always
coming our way, Bodhi.
We just didn't know how or when
or what it was gonna look like.
Now that we know,
there's nothing stopping it.
That is not very comforting.
You asked.
I did. [sighs]
[door opens]
[Bodhi sighs]
Well, it was fun
while it lasted.
Eh, this too shall pass.
I mean, we'll be
back in business in no time.
-[Bodhi] Yeah.
-[engine revving]
-[tires screech]
-What the fuck?
Gun!
[tires squealing]
[Jimmy wheezing]
Jimmy. Hey.
Oh, fuck.
[Goodie] Everything squared away
at the Higher Plane?
-[Dwight] Mm-hmm.
-[phone buzzing]
Bodhi has it under control.
Speak of the devil.
Yeah, Bodhi, what's up?
What? When?
Come on, Jimmy's been hit.
Ah, fuck.
Goodie, stay put. Goddamn it.
How many?
Find them.
They hit the weed store,
we got at least one of 'em.
-Not Manfredi, though?
-No, they're still looking.
Fuck.
Hey, Skip, we got a visitor.
What visitor? Who?
-The fuck are you doing here?
-I need your help.
-My help?
-Yeah.
What about your partner?
-Ming?
-Yeah.
He's the problem.
I'm in trouble,
and you might be, too.
-Tell me about it.
-He's out of control.
He forced me out. The cocksucker
threatened to kill me.
How is that my problem, Cal?
He's ruthless.
He's got an army.
He wants to take over
everything.
And it's not just gonna
stop with me.
He wants everyone run out.
And what do you want me to do?
You want me to go to war
with this fucking loser?
He's not a loser, he's a psycho.
Bill, we can't let this guy win.
Take what you want.
Take half of everything.
I don't care,
we got to stop this guy.
Cal, I-I don't have fucking time
for this right now.
Okay?
I got problems of my own,
thanks to your fucking
friend Manfredi.
-My friend?
-Yeah.
It was Ming who tried
to take him out.
The fuck you talking about?
Ming thought he was doing me
some kind of favor
by blowing up Manfredi.
It was a car bomb,
and he missed.
You stupid motherfucker, do
you know what you fucking did?!
-Hey!
-I'm in a fucking war right now
because of you.
You.
Fuck!
* ominous music
[machine beeps]
Hey.
Jesus Christ.
You scared the shit out of me.
How'd you get in here?
The door was unlocked.
All right, well,
go have a drink.
You're not allowed
to be back here.
I don't want a drink.
Or whatever. Go wait for me
by the bar till I finish up.
-I'm sorry, Goodie.
-About what?
What is this, a fucking joke?
Just give me the money, okay?
Smarten up, asshole,
before I slap the shit
out of you.
I'm not fucking around, Goodie.
Now take your gun out slow
and put it on the floor.
Go fuck yourself.
I'm fucking telling you,
I'm desperate!
No, no, you're fucking suicidal.
Now get the fuck out of here
before you do something
you can't undo.
I'm not gonna tell you again.
Get your gun out.
Now.
Motherfucker!
I'm serious, Goodie,
get your fucking hands up.
Get 'em up!
You're dead. You know that?
-You're fucking dead!
-Shut up.
Back up.
Back the fuck up!
Back up!
Where are you gonna go, huh?
Fucking Mars?
Wherever you go, we will
find you, you motherfucker.
Dwight is gonna fucking
skin you alive!
Fuck Dwight, and fuck you.
***
* percussive, upbeat music